[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Scoundrel, woo-woo!
Scoundrel, woo-woo! Scoundrel!
♪ We are the scoundrels,
my frien--! ♪ [coughs]
I've found you!
I shall avenge my father!
Can't you see I'm singin' here?!
[PIPIMI]
Welcome!
Please enjoy "Pipimi's
English Entrance"!
[PIPIMI] Hello, and welcome to
"Pipimi's English Entrance."
I am the English specialist,
Pipimi, and...
I'm Popuko, and I'm
really into English!
Now, let's begin our basic
English lessons for the day.
In this segment, you'll listen
to me say something,
and then you'll repeat after me!
[PIPIMI]
"Repeat after me."
♪♪
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
[BOTH] The Backpow
Workout's about to begin!
Hit that sneaky boss
with a backpow!
Backpow that backwards-digging
mole back to the depths!
This is Bacchus Powell,
nickname Hussel!
Backpow Rock-Paper-Scissors, go!
So, will you beat him?
Did you beat him?
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Right as you sit, I'm gonna
pull out your chair.
Whoops...
Or not!
[BOTH]
Whoo...
Or not!
[BOTH]
Boing!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Eh-Eh-pic.
[POPUKO] The balance between my
body and my mind feels off.
What's the current ratio?
[POPUKO]
Mind: 9,999. Body: 1.
Leave this to me!
[POPUKO yelling]
[POPUKO]
Is this what "perfect" is?
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Hi, and welcome to another
episode of "Pop Team Cooking."
Good boys and girls who
want paella, gather 'round!
[KIDS shouting]
[POPUKO laughing]
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
It's all about new-money trains
in this day and age.
I mean, just look at my form.
Ohh. So beautiful.
Ten points is not nearly enough!
[PIPIMI] Are we talking about
old-school [beep] here?
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Ugh. Gonna puke.
You are?!
I think it's passing.
It is?!
I'm better.
You are?!
I lied.
You did?!
[POPUKO]
Blech. Pop Team Epic.
What kinda look did you
wanna go for today?
The usual tomboy bob, please.
Okay!
Hey! Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
My bad, guess I made an oopsie!
C'mon, man! Fix it!
Okay!
Hey! Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Hey, Cactus- kun wants hugs.
Serial killer!
Kenzan- kun , too!
There's gonna be a bloodbath!
Just hug it out already!
What, you scared?
Oh!
[PIPIMI]
What's this?
[POPUKO]
You want hugs, don't you?
What's the matter?
Can't do it? Huh?
Why're you running away,
you spineless bastards?
Spineless bastards!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
It's the truth!
The Earth's in big-time
grave danger.
I mean, the Earth's really in
serious, big-time major danger.
For real?
Actually, the Earth could
already be in danger right now.
Oh, shit!
Whether you believe it or not
depends on if you really
believe it or not!
Then, gotta say,
I don't believe.
[CROWD]
Aww...
Well, then that just means
that's all you've got, I guess.
[POPUKO grunts]
[POPUKO]
You fuckin' moron!
Stupid fuckwad!
[PIPIMIS]
Popuko. Popuko. Popuko...
[POPUKO]
I can't eat Pipimi!
I can't, I can't, I can't!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited,
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
Popuoka!
Pipihara.
Apparently, this segment
has been canceled.
Hey, really great job today.
Yeah, you, too!
That was so much fun.
Yeah, it really was.
And we finally got
to see each other.
Right? How long has it been
since we've been in
the booth together?
--Like, forever, right?
--[POPUKO] I'm grateful.
There's a show that's
on right now,
but we're all
recording separately.
It's not-not really the same.
Yeah, exactly.
The fact that I get to spend
so much time with you, Megan--
--With me?
--Yeah, with you.
It's been fun,
and it's been so long.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much,
Pop Team Epic .
Pretty much!
Thanks, Popumi.
[BOTH chuckle]
You, too, Popuko.
[PIPIMI]
You mean Pipiko?
Oh! Popuko and Pipimi.
I got them wrong!
Am I Pipimi? Right, I'm Pipimi!
Thanks, Popuko.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Pop, pop, p-pop,
pop, pop-pop, pop...
Scoundrel, scoundrel! Scoundrel,
scoundrel! Scoundrel, scoundrel!
♪ We are the scoundrels,
my friends! ♪
I've found you!
I shall avenge my father!
[POPUKO]
♪ We'll keep-- ♪
Can't you see I'm singing here?!
[PIPIMI] Welcome, and enjoy
"Pipimi's English Entrance"!
Hello, and welcome to
"Pipimi's English Entrance."
I am the English specialist,
Pipimi, and...
I'm Popuko, and I'm
really into English!
Now, let's begin our
basic English lessons.
In this segment, you'll listen
to me say something
and repeat after me!
[PIPIMI]
"Repeat after me."
♪♪
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Bob Epic Team.
[BOTH] The Backpow
Workout's about to begin!
Hit that sneaky boss
with a backpow!
Backpow that backwards-digging
mole back to the depths!
This is Bacchus Powell,
nickname Hussel!
Backpow Rock-Paper-Scissors, go!
So, will you beat him?
Did you beat him?
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Right as you sit, I'm
gonna pull out your chair.
Whoo...
Or not!
[BOTH yelling]
[POPUKO]
Hup!
[BOTH]
Doot-doo-doo!
[PIPIMI]
Oh! Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO] The balance between
my mind and body, it feels off.
What's the current ratio?
[POPUKO]
Mind: 9,999. Body: 1.
Leave this to me! Psshu.
[POPUKO] Is this it?
What "perfect" feels like?
[POPUKO]
Well, is it?
"Perfect Team Epic"!
[PIPIMI]
Ready and...
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
[PIPIMI] That "ready and"
was so worth putting in.
[POPUKO]
Great job.
Welcome to another episode
of "Pop Team Cooking."
All good boys and girls who
want paella, gather 'round!
[KIDS shouting]
[POPUKO] And shoot, and shoot,
and shoot, and shoot...
[PIPIMI]
Popuko!
Whoops, I should've caught
that with my face.
It's all about new-money trains
in this day and age.
I mean, just look at my form.
So beautiful.
Ten points is not enough.
[PIPIMI] Are we talking about
old-school [beep] here?
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Gonna puke.
You are?!
It's passing.
It is?!
I'm better.
You are?!
I lied.
You did?!
Hey, I really wanna
buy a hedgehog.
What kind of look did you
want to go for today?
The usual tomboy bob, please.
Okay!
Hey, wait. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
My bad. Guess I made an oopsie!
C'mon, man! Fix it!
Okay!
Hey, wait. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
[POPUKO]
Nepal.
Hey, Cactus- kun
is looking for hugs.
Serial killer.
Kenzan- kun , too!
This'll be a bloodbath.
Just hug it out already!
What, are you scared?
Well? Go on. Hey.
[PIPIMI]
Hey, get on with it!
Hey, you want hugs, don't you?
What's the matter? Huh?
Hey. C'mon, get on with it.
You're holding a sign
that says "free hugs,"
but they're not free at all!
You're picking and choosing!
It's the truth!
The Earth's in big-time
grave danger.
[PIPIMI]
The Earth's in danger?
I mean, the Earth is
really in danger here.
Wait, I wasn't listening.
Actually the Earth could
already be in grave danger.
Oh, shit! No way! That sucks!
Whether you believe it or not
depends on if you really
believe it or not.
[PIPIMI chuckles]
Then I have to say
that I don't.
[CROWD]
Aww...
Okay, just go roll some
dice then or something.
[POPUKO grunting]
[POPUKO]
You stupid fuckwad!
You stupid, ugly fuckwad!
[PIPIMI]
Popuko, I'm ready!
I got all nice and yummy.
Now, eat me up.
[POPUKO]
I can't eat Pipimi!
I can't, I can't, I can't!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited,
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
Popuoka!
[POPUKO]
Hm?
Pipihara.
Apparently, this segment
has been canceled.
[POPUKO]
Canceled.
So that means...
Hey, Popuko,
I have a question for you.
What is it, Pipimi?
You know how you get some
hair growing on your big toe?
It's just like there.
[POPUKO]
Yeah.
But why's it even there?
What's it even protecting?
[POPUKO] That question
could sway the fate
of the whole world.
What?
Because that hair protects
you from being electrocuted
when you drop your smartphone
on your big toe.
[PIPIMI chuckles]
[PIPIMI] Oh, so you're
saying that humanity,
even from a long time ago,
predicted the creation
of smartphones
and that they'd be dropping
them on their own feet?
Then grew that hair?
Whether you believe it or not...
[BOTH] ...depends on if you
really believe it or not!